hello I 'm simon from ilove
Bodybuilding Yesterday was my call
iday the long-awaited day of eating at the
I enjoy my culinary experience
really let loose again
I started with a sweet
Breakfast at the bakery so all that
whereupon so waived muffins the
snails and so on around noon
it even went up to fast food
restaurant m
I have probably below 25 euro
so some have destroyed after that
eaten an ice cream and so on and was
then strangely for a relatively long time
It was then time saturated open evening
still have my italian restaurant
I ate such a big pizza
but I only half
The other half did it
I think I am against 11
clock pulled again by the television
All in all, I guess 8,000
kilocalories which I came to myself yesterday
of course, that's a whole
other thing individual diet so as
andy days yes has the repeater
just his function to just full
to beat over the strands and me
is it going to be so good today say
So I feel so
bit hungover though yesterday
no dripping alcohol printable feeling
I feel like I'm somehow
Yesterday would have celebrated my neat
Whole digesting must be done in any case
but I have to suffer
I'm too good for myself
got up early this morning have black
drunk coffee and am with the
beautiful weather a round jog
went
seven on sober stomach
kilometer jogs throughout and before that in
drunk coffee as I said so right
great start to the day today
and I have to tell you honestly
it is much better today with the
just feel sporty what
have done and again one
controlled nutrition
a little bit on the calories
to pay attention to as yesterday and to that
now the first of the six the tank
is on and I'm good things I
then full again
we look to the next video many greetings